here
small infiltration problem
in a c4 picasso so for this one
it's a big model
so little problem so note on
a forum an infiltration of rainwater
in the passenger compartment for
start you see it's wet
it's been three times, but
good usually the level is pretty much
close 5 6 cm below the carpet
so the water comes from behind the box
to gloves so I found on a forum
which in fact there was a flapper that
was stuck so they say from
disassemble the front wheel
then remove the mudguards and
behind the mudguards one will find
surely the flapper must be here I
will start to disassemble
here is the wheel is dismounted
now you have to remove the mudguard
so apparently there is some clipping a
little bit everywhere so I'll start then
we'll see then that's the system of
clip this with a slide screwdriver
below pulled towards us and it depends and
it comes off quietly here
then I can not pull the
mudguard is actually several
vices to undo below so here I have
two managed to multiply the mudguard is
actually the surprise and here it is
piece that was advertised on the internet of
blow and here it's all 26 days so
I will have to demonstrate this
piece then on some sites they
say they did not hand it
but hey I think I'll
put back she cleaned up and then put it back
we will see
alright here's actually I just shoot
on it and it fell right away
so here we see the problem the
clap is completely clogged
so there is more to clean up to omit
so here I handed all the elements
in place
it did not take very long
a little twenty minutes of time
to take out the material to disassemble the
wheel I advise you to do it yourself
even because at citroen apparently
on the forums it's at least 150 euros
and as you saw it was not very
complicated to do so I 'm even going in
enjoy to do the other side because
that honestly hey it's more
nice to have your feet dry in
his car that wet feet
that's a good DIY